# Islandora DevOps Interest Group: Meeting 09

## Date

May 11, 2016 from 11:00 AM-noon PST / 2:00-3:00 PM EST

## Agenda

1. Business from [last meeting](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-DevOps-Interest-Group/blob/master/meetings/08.md)
2. Update on ongoing documentation efforts
    * Luke's contribution adds a compass to the Vagrant machine in Islandora Labs. It would be nice to have a better sense of why we use certain versions of dependencies.
    * Nick suggests a version matrix for the install docs.
3. Time to go on hiatus?
    * Mark notes a lack of direction lately and poses the question of whether this group has the resources to stay active.This has happened in a few other Interest Groups lately - no shame in going on hiatus until somehting happens to re-invigorate the group. But this group has done a lot fo good things and there does seem to be a need for it. 
    * Nick: absent a convenor who wants to take the reins, hiatus is the best option. An active Interest Group needs a leader to prompt tasks between meetings and keep thhings on track. 
    * Gavin: If we do go on hiatus, getting that version matrix done would be a great last task to leave for the community.
    * Nick: anchor it to the release so it gets updated. Check out the [Fedora version](https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/FF/Component+Compatibility+Matrix)
    * Gavin: volunteers to draft the matrix, and then share with the community for feedback. Whether this group goes on hiatus or not. The original goals of the group were a little sprawling, but things like this matrix are acheiveable. We either need a hiatus or to refocus. One of Islandora's challenges in adoption, which is a good role for this group to smooth over. The CLAW group is doing great work in this regard. 
    * Proposed new goals for Terms of Reference:
        * Maintain the Islandora Vagrant
        * Create/Maintain a version matrix
        * Maintain the Deployments Repo
        * Consult with the CLAW project as needed
    * Approved by those present.
4. Securing Islandora's stack
    * Tabled for now. Outside of the refocus.
5. Round table updates
   * Nick: Fedora 3 isn't getting updated again (ever), but there is scaling stuff going on in [Fedora 4](https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/FF/2016-04-18+Performance+-+Scale+Meeting). There will be a vagrant group at OR2016 running a workshop
   * Brad: re-engineering away from master-slave servers that he has presented before, to integrate Islandora into the library website. One front-end. Moving to EFS (best Amazon file system). Wants to be a Trusted Repo. 

## Attendees

* Mark Jordan
* Gavin Morris
* Brad Spry
* Nick Ruest
* Don Richards
* Melissa Anez
* Marcus Barnes

## Next meeting

June 8, from 11:00 AM-noon PST / 2:00-3:00 PM EST
