# Islandora DevOps Interest Group: Meeting 10

## Date

June 8, from 11:00 AM-noon PST / 2:00-3:00 PM EST

## Agenda

1. Business from [last meeting](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-DevOps-Interest-Group/blob/master/meetings/09.md)
  * Gavin has started the [compatibility matrix](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1t7xyEX6qETdDIblgEdjcR1d12_AgJKfdem7pc-KlL0w/edit?usp=sharing). Comments are welcome. At the next meeting, this document should be "complete" enough that we can approach the Documentation IG about including this in the official docs.
  * Maintainers for the Vagrant - Don will add his name to the README, and to the README for the base box. Note that when the base box needs to be updated in Hashicorp's Atlas repo, Nick will do that.
  * Luke would like someone to take a look at merging these two PRs:
    * https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-DevOps-Interest-Group/pull/17 (tested but not merged)
    * https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-DevOps-Interest-Group/pull/24 (needs testing)
2. Round table updates
  * Nick reminds us of the session on [Vagrant DevOps](https://www.conftool.com/or2016/index.php?page=browseSessions&form_session=145) coming up at OR.
  * Further discussion about the momentum of this IG. Lots of points of view, but enough people are committed to continuing to meet.
3. New business
  * Don suggests adding Skype contact info somewhere on the repo, and adding a leading '0' to the the agenda file for meeting 6 (both done, thanks Don for the leading 0)
  * Gavin has stepped up to be co-convenor - thanks! (and thanks Nick for the bump)

## Attendees

* Brad Spry
* Gavin Morris
* Don Richards
* Nick Ruest
* Luke Taylor
* Gavin Morris

## Next meeting

July 13, 11:00 AM-noon PST / 2:00-3:00 PM EST
