# Islandora DevOps Interest Group: Meeting 12

## Date

August 10, 11:00 AM-noon PST / 2:00-3:00 PM EST

## Agenda

1. Business from [last meeting](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-DevOps-Interest-Group/blob/master/meetings/11.md)
  1. Outstanding PRs
    1. https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-DevOps-Interest-Group/pull/24
    2. Luke explained that the PR is updated notes which needs testing & merging. 
    3. Don Richards volunteered to test and review
  1. Offline/parallel derivative creation
    1. [Modules](https://github.com/mjordan/islandora_dump_datastreams) using the ingest/dump/reingest approach now feature complete. 
  1. Testing Compound Batch
1. Round table updates
1. New business
   2. Alternative ImageServer (Djatoka)

## Attendees

* Mark Jordan
* Gavin Morris
* Luke Taylor
* David Keiser-Clark
* Don Richards
* Melissa Anez
* Ed Fugikawa
* Clinton Graham

## Next meeting

September 14, 11:00 AM-noon PST / 2:00-3:00 PM EST

## Notes from the call
Business from last meeting: Offline/parallel derivative generation
* UPitt and DG working together to spin up "little" Dockers images with Islandora instances
* Offload all computational intense derivatives creation and then perhaps to a supercomputer
* DGI created a Docker Ubuntu Islandora image using DG job worker module
* UPitt to test on cluster and if successful test on supercomputer
* This would be open-sourced to the Islandora community upon completion
* Mark suggested space on the DevOps repo for this type of documentation especially deployment. 
* Additionally, Mark and Gavin to edit the DevOps repo to help streamline everything and paring down.
* Clinton Graham - is there something to document about migration? Primary goal of offline derivative is re-genning OCR with parent objects not at page level. One thing for future. Working on batch ingest workflow. Taking in Brandnew scans and pushing into islandora.
* SFU example: 115 ContentsDM collection migration - Mark 1/2 collections were newspaper pages. Leverages ContentDM Http API and ingest into newspaper server. Saved months of time. 
* Mark pursuing this: https://github.com/MarcusBarnes/mik
  * creating toolchains from a kind of repo or org (set of files from fileserver on local disk) outcome of running job would be set of islandora packages. Not good with metadata standards. Moved to Islandora Kit to make config file and adjusting the ContentDM source content type to map to islandora destination content type and manipulate meta-data cleanup date and separate titles etc. 
* Clinton: Describing desired workflow. Create derivatives on 3rd party server via Gear-man (DG module work server)
* Mark: Not quite done. Move to Islandora Kit is for post migration ingest workflows. Early fall to be done for SFU
  * Extending MIK for csv (single file, newspaper issues, testing on flat basic compound objects and for files on mappable drive locations.
  * Mark explains https://github.com/MarcusBarnes/mik/wiki/Overview how this works
  * Have OAI toolchain as well.
  * Filegetter - class 
    * know ahead of time for what should be collection
    * look at XML and make reasonably CSV file (working toolchain) 
    * writing for books not difficult
    * key to this - finding files for MIK, have to be able to find files., file consistency walkable way
* Large migration - 80% files of time and organized consistency. MIK is using 20% 
* Luke concurs - Everyone has a way of organizing data. Huge batch ingest. would be nice if there was documented consistence way. 
* Gavin asked about Metadata and is there a documentat islandora "way"
  * Metadata Interest Group is place to ask: 
  * Luke mentioning about having to data to setup and finding issues.
  * Mark - Solution Packs propose ways of doing things
  * Mark pointing out a recent community shift in MODs handling
* Migration interest group?
  * Additional issues, scaling up collections etc.
  * Samples sets
  * draft out terms of reference, sign up
  * http://islandora.ca/content/establishing-islandora-interest-groups
  * Mark: Suggest email  from islandora dev ops group to Islandora community - email to Metadata group as well from Devops conveners
* Mark: Things MIK can script
  * add preflight script on input directory - reports fatal non fatal status of data to be packaged
  * post right hook - script runs after package is written. background in PHP (non-blocking), validate MODS, FITS
  * use drush scripts
  * watch folder / cron job validation on input to MIK
  * write up questions
* David - leveling up process for Islandora. getting up there.
* Email idea of a migrations interst group to Islandora list: Talked about migrations, consistency in Islandora migrations, MODS. Carryover from best practices from previous ContentDMs

New Business

* PR https://github.com/Islandora/islandora_openseadragon/pull/65 (to update to newest seadragon to support IIAF 2.1)
  * Problem is Loris doesn't support authentication. Hardcoding user name and password. 
  * Also new fork of Loris https://github.com/jpstroop/loris-redux
  * Free-lib djatoka (caching didn't work right according to Luke) Still have issue of proxy pass. Still exposing tomcat unnecessarily. 
  * Any Hydra implementations? 
  * Original URL https://github.com/loris-imageserver/loris
  * Spoke about this in CLAW https://github.com/Islandora-CLAW/CLAW/issues/326
  * https://github.com/Islandora-CLAW/CLAW/pull/327
  * Luke to make a post
* Revive Gavin's standards spreadsheet- put it on next month's agenda 







