# Islandora DevOps Interest Group: Meeting 13

## Date

September 14, 11:00 AM-noon PST / 2:00-3:00 PM EST. Gavin will start Skype call.

## Agenda

1. Business from [last meeting](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-DevOps-Interest-Group/blob/master/meetings/12.md)
  1. https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-DevOps-Interest-Group/pull/24
  2. Gavin's standards spreadsheet
1. Round table updates
1. New business
  1. https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ISLANDORA-1794 - Decision from Sept. 8 Committers call was that we should not add Vagrant as a component since it is in Labs (only components that are under the http://github.com/islandora organization should be JIRA "components"). DevOps IG should manage issues with Vagrant using Github issue queue on that repo.

## Attendees

* Gavin Morris

## Next meeting

October 12 (?), 11:00 AM-noon PST / 2:00-3:00 PM EST

## Notes from the call
