# Islandora DevOps Interest Group: Meeting 16

## Date

January. 11, 11:00 AM-noon PST / 2:00-3:00 PM EST. Join by visiting this [Google Hangouts](https://hangouts.google.com/call/lolbuc2o2jbshdrhgenpazh2sae) URL. If you don't have the Hangouts browser plugin installed, you will be prompted to install it.

## Agenda

1. Note taker
1. Welcome new members
1. Business from [last meeting](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-DevOps-Interest-Group/blob/master/meetings/15.md)
1. Round table updates
1. New business
  1. https://github.com/Islandora-Labs/islandora_vagrant/issues/119 (*status?*)
  2. "Islandora in a box" introduction from the [Islandora Consortial Group](https://islandora-collaboration-group.github.io/) - David Keiser-Clark Williams College

## Attendees

Gavin Morris (chair)
Bryan Brown
David Keiser-Clark
Ed Fugikawa
Brian Gillingham
Clinton Graham
Brian Gregg
Don Richards
Luke Taylor

## Next meeting
February. 8th, 11:00 AM-noon PST / 2:00-3:00 PM EST.

## Notes from the call

Clinton brought up that issues with Upitt SOLR index was resolved. Luke mentioned that issue seemed to stem from not enough memory and an unoptimized solr index.

https://github.com/Islandora-Labs/islandora_vagrant/issues/119 has been resolved by Don and Luke. 

https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-DevOps-Interest-Group/pull/24 outstanding PR from Luke on community documentation was merged by Don Richards. Luke has made additional updates and fixes since then which Don merged in as well. 

Don Richards brought up how people are handling code quality and vulnerability checks in Islandora and was looking for ways to automate. He has looked at a variety of approaches such as Travis, Jenkins and pen testing. 

The discussion branched off into a couple different directions with a variety of ideas. 

-Gavin linked http://behat.org/en/latest/ as a potentially promising tool. 
-Don linked https://github.com/koalaman/shellcheck as a good way to check shell scripts. 
-Luke came from more of a sysadmin direction and focusing on blocking out bad actors and trying to perhaps make a whitelist for Islandora in something like modsec https://modsecurity.org/ vs trying to update rule exceptions after every update. 
-Luke discussed using fail2ban to block out what appears to be malicious traffic behaviour of scanners/bots. Gavin mentioned past experience of fail2ban taking up too many resources if it is trying to manage too many IPs/blocks which can make it difficult to manage. 
-Luke floated idea of having a community maintained blacklist where Islandora users could report known bad IPs. 
-Gavin raised number of concerns were raised about maintaining such a list would be a time consuming task which is true however we could consider this as a potential topic.
-Don shared link for http://www.blocklist.de/ which can be used to provide blacklists. 
-Clinton asked in general how much time people spend on dealing with security/vulnerabilities etc. Luke mentioned that it is very time consuming to review and keep up to date on CVEs, keep servers up to date, maintain blacklists etc. 
-How people get hacked was brought up. Luke mentioned most common cases he had seen was out of date packages/code and exposed ports. Don mentioned that many people have been hacked before and likely don’t know. Don said central logging was important. Luke mentioned tripwire https://www.tripwire.org/
-Don discussed https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Security-Interest-Group and encouraged people to participate. 

Ed discussed challenges with dealing with multiple installations of Redhat Linux and playing the blame game. He has had great success so far with Ansible 2.x to keep things consistent and hopes to have something put together to share with everyone soon. It is important that people keep in mind the considerable syntax changes with the new 2.x version of ansible. 

Gavin and Luke to get together to discuss the Islandora Conference workshops hopefully in the next week or so. 

Gavin discussed how the group should try to stick to 4 topics a year. Was going to check with Mark on some of our topic ideas. 

David Keiser-Clark has announced that the ICG https://islandora-collaboration-group.github.io/ has launched a project to create “Islandora in a box”. This is an initiative to streamline the installation of Islandora using tools such as docker and ansible. The installer would ideally allow users to attach/detach containers from datastores in between Development and Production. The installer will initially work with 7.x then will eventually be used with Islandora-CLAW. Danny Lamb and Melissa have expressed interest in working with the Islandora Consortial Group to hopefully release “Islandora in a box” this year.  A presentation will be conducted at IslandoraCon 2017. Installation and configuration of Islandora has long been identified as a roadblock to adoption and the hopes is that this will help alleviate that.  Gavin pointed out that if Common Media were to work on development of this it will be completely non-proprietary and available for everyone to use. Additionally, David added that the final aim of the project is to have the Islandora Foundation take over the governance and maintenance of it for the wider community as originally discussed with Melissa and Danny. Further information and links will be forth coming and David would like to see the Islandora DevOps group to take an active interest. 
