# Islandora DevOps Interest Group: Meeting 16

## Date

March 1st, 11:00 AM-noon PST / 2:00-3:00 PM EST. Join by visiting this [Google Hangouts](https://plus.google.com/hangouts/_/commonmediainc.com/islandor-devops?hceid=Z2F2aW4ubW9ycmlzQGNvbW1vbm1lZGlhaW5jLmNvbQ.c8sk87gmdvdaj7q00l6ocq0fjg&authuser=0) URL. If you don't have the Hangouts browser plugin installed, you will be prompted to install it.

* Rescheduled to the first Wednesday, March 1st to avoid a conflict with Code4LibCon.

## Agenda

1. Note taker
1. Welcome new members
1. Business from [last meeting](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-DevOps-Interest-Group/blob/master/meetings/17.md)
1. Round table updates
1. New business
  * 4 topics a year for the group to add materials on. Decide on topics:
    * Installation
    * Migration
    * Tuning, tips n tricks
    * Scaling
  * Looking for a new Co-convener (Thanks again, Mark Jordan for all of your service!!)
  * Review [Github issue queue](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-DevOps-Interest-Group/issues)

## Attendees
Gavin Morris (chair)

## Next meeting
Wednesday, March. 1st, 11:00 AM-noon PST / 2:00-3:00 PM EST.

## Notes from the call
