# Islandora DevOps Interest Group: Meeting 19

## Date

April 12, 11:00 AM-noon PST / 2:00-3:00 PM EST. Join by visiting this [Google Hangouts](https://hangouts.google.com/hangouts/_/commonmediainc.com/islandor-devops) URL. If you don't have the Hangouts browser plugin installed, you will be prompted to install it.

## Agenda

1. Note taker
2. Welcome new members
3. Business from [last meeting](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-DevOps-Interest-Group/blob/master/meetings/18.md)
   * [Slack?](https://groups.google.com/forum/?hl=en#!topic/islandora/uys8TiwRX1w) 
   * Looking for a new Co-convener (Thanks again, Mark Jordan for all of your service!!)
   * New business is a call by Gavin for proposals regarding how to formally document the takeaways from these conversations. This format for the meetings appears to be working to share ideas and experience, but we would like to see these topics fleshed out. Proposed Action: translate the notes from these meetings into GitHub Issues on this repo. Tickets could be discussed and/or assigned within the meetings. The original scope of this group was pretty ambitious, this can help us refine discussions into action items.
4. New business
   * Review [Github issue queue](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-DevOps-Interest-Group/issues)
5. Round table updates

## Attendees

* Gavin Morris (chair)
* Clinton (notes)
* Brian Gregg
* Brian Gillingham
* Doug
* Paul
* David
* Bob
* Rick

## Next meeting

Wednesday, May 10th, 11:00 AM-noon PST / 2:00-3:00 PM EST.

## Notes from the call
1. Clinton will take notes.
2. Welcome to Paul, David, Bob and Rick as our newer attendees.
3. Old Business
  * Slack: There doesn't seem to be widespread love of Slack in the broder islandora-dev conversation; we don't expect to see traction for adoption.  This group is ok with continuing with Hangouts as our meeting tool.
  * Continued call for co-convener, with responsibility for facilitating these conversations and curating the Issues queue.
  * Documeting takeaways: Notes from these calls will be reviewed to create Issues for further action.  The goal is for this group to be faciliating the documentation, testing, and implementation of "lessons learned" from these discussions.
4. New Business
  * Review [Github issue queue](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-DevOps-Interest-Group/issues) - Many of the oldest issues deal with alternate server configurations.  Most group work seems focused on Ubuntu currently, but multiple attendees actively use RHEL/CentOS.  Paul successfully built a stack on CentOS 7, after some trouble with the Tomcat processname and username.  Paul will add these notes to the Issue queue.  Bob would like to update the information available for RHEL 6 and 7.
5. Roundtable
  * Bob: UConn is migrating databases from MySQL 5.1 to MariaDB 10.1 (via a MySQL 5.5 layover).  DGI is upgrading Fedora, with Blazegraph and SOLR updates.  Pitt notes substantial improvement after this same upgrade; Pitt was a sponsor of the [trippi-sail](https://github.com/discoverygarden/trippi-sail) module work which enabled the transition to BlazeGraph, which resolved the issue of Mulgara's performance degrading after 1M triples (relationaships) were indexed.
  * Brian Gillingham: Pitt is developing a web wrapper to [islandora_datastream_crud](https://github.com/mjordan/islandora_datastream_crud).  This allows a user to, via the web interface, select a group of objects by SOLR query, collection, model, or list of PIDs; then to export, batch update, and reupload a selected datastream for re-ingest.  This [islandora_datastreams_io module](https://github.com/ulsdevteam/islandora_datastreams_io) is considered "complete" and feedback is welcome.
  * David: The Islandora Collaboration Group is working on [ISLE](https://docs.google.com/document/d/17tAFxR6_b7sxXkE1teNDQZv0UZ0LLSkX8K05-U6A6nw)- a [tool to facilitate Islandora updates and deployment](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1s_qWkRgHlRAH6SWuXid6dOYzBjcbqU6PV_gZ1sUu2iY) via Docker.  It aims to be one canonical stack deployed across institutions with localized customizations.  An official announcement is forthcoming on the Google Group; look for a panel at IslandoraCon.  The group is looking for supporters to fund, collaborate, and test the development.  Estimated development timeline is 9 months, with a beta late this year and completion Spring 2018.  This will be similar to Hydra in a Box, but will be a full produciton-ready install instead of lightweight deployment.  Also higlighted was the HackDoc at IslandoraCon on May 15: this will be inclusive of documentors, content experts, techincal writers, testers as well as coders.  Williams College will also host a regional HackDoc on May 23 and 24.
  * Paul: Shared work on [the CentOS 7 build](https://github.com/pc37utn/centos7_base_box)
  * Rick: During work on batch ingest, noticed that islandora_batch_ingest does not support multiple content modules in a batch use of Drush.  [Posted to Google Groups](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/islandora-dev/OjEH8HH5ufg) with a proposed patch which looks as previous content type for comparison and creates multiple batches.  As-is, disparate content modules generated invalid FOXML.  Rick also notes that users like to use multiple tabs to ingest content interactively, creating drag on user's desktop and on the system.  Work has been done on a cron job queue for ingest, scripted in Perl to run drush and track filenames/pids courtesy of the islandora batch setid.  This work now has a web interface to read a directory and precheck the contents.  The user fills out a form on the web to generate parameters, then the system zips, transfers and processes the ingest.  Users ultimately have reports via a textfile.  Gavin notes similarity with work [Brad Spry](https://github.com/bradspry) has done with a dual instance of Islandora/Fedora using a read-only frontend and read/write backend, and the [Move to Islandora Kit](https://github.com/MarcusBarnes/mik) tool.  Pitt has been working on a similar project in a similar dual-instance setup, with an ultimate goal of offloading derivative processing via [islandora_job](https://github.com/discoverygarden/islandora_job).
  * Gavin: Notes the upcoming presentation with Luke Taylor at IslandoraCon.  Luke had found that [SORL and GSearch stop working](https://github.com/Islandora-Labs/islandora_vagrant_base_box/issues/28) (specifically, the index stops updating due to the autocommit function failing) in later versions of Tomcat (7.0.55 - 8.5).  Gavin has not reproduced this in RedHat and asks if other have seen this.  UConn may have.  The [issue report with gsearch](https://github.com/fcrepo3/gsearch/pull/4) was closed because the 3.x line is no longer being updated, so [DGI forked the gsearch repo](https://github.com/discoverygarden/gsearch) with the fix.
  
