# Islandora DevOps Interest Group: Meeting 21

## Date

Wednesday, June 14th, 11:00 AM-noon PST / 2:00-3:00 PM EST. Join by visiting this [Google Hangouts](https://hangouts.google.com/hangouts/_/commonmediainc.com/islandor-devops) URL. If you don't have the Hangouts browser plugin installed, you will be prompted to install it.

## Agenda

1. Volunteer for Note taker?
2. Welcome new members
3. Business from [last meeting](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-DevOps-Interest-Group/blob/master/meetings/20.md)
4. New business
   * We have a new Co-convener!! Bryan Brown from the Technology & Digital Scholarship Division of Florida State University Libraries
   * Discussion re: changing group focus, tasking documentation and reporting structure to these distinct areas with an emphasis on communication to other groups e.g. Road Map Committee, IR group etc.
     * 7.1.x - Legacy Systems
       * Use of Docker, Vagrant, Ansible, ISLE etc?
     * 7.2.x - CLAW
       * Use of Docker, Vagrant, Ansible, ISLE etc?
     * Other - issues ongoing unrelated
       * Review [Github issue queue](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-DevOps-Interest-Group/issues)
   * Post IslandoraCon
   * CLAW Install sprints: https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/islandora-dev/P-zgQfKObaM
5. Round table updates

## Attendees

* [Bryan J. Brown](https://github.com/bryjbrown) (Florida State University) (co-convener) 
* [Gavin Morris](https://github.com/g7morris) (Born-Digital, Common Media Inc.) (co-convener) 
* [Brian Gillingham](https://github.com/bgilling) (University of Pittsburgh) (notes) 
* [Clinton Graham](https://github.com/ctgraham) (University of Pittsburgh) 
* [Luke Taylor] (discoverygarden) 
* [David Keiser-Clarke] (Williams College) 
* [Cary]


## Next meeting Next meeting

Wednesday, June 12th, 11:00 AM-noon PST / 2:00-3:00 PM EST.



## Notes from the call

### New business

- We have a new Co-convener!! Bryan Brown from the Technology & Digital Scholarship Division of Florida State University Libraries.

#### Discussion related to the changing of this group’s focus

Before today’s meeting, Gavin spoke with Bryan about how users move from one version to another especially with respect to the OS and versions of software on their system. This effort is in some part needed in order to report 
back to the roadmap committee and also to produce better documentation for various Islandora tracks (1.x, 2.x, and custom configurations).  Aside from the distribution of stable platforms, there is a real need to provide better 
up-to-date documentation related to migrations from one system to another or just installing, questions about scaling, using various operating systems. 

David: said that it would be important to include the CLAW sprints linked to this documentation process.  Islandora Dev google group post: “CLAW Install: Call for Stakeholders” https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/islandora-dev/P-zgQfKObaM -- for participation times, a doodle poll 
https://doodle.com/poll/x9wn6xpm52h232es has been put together to select a time for this.  Also, the ISLE group is https://github.com/Islandora-Collaboration-Group/ISLE 

Bryan: sometimes bugs are discussed in committers calls, but many times there is nobody with experience with the specifics, these items have no clear "right way" to be resolved. 

David: suggested that there should be a page for the public service announcements for each version to detail some issues that some people knew, but others were unaware of the significance... to give people better expectations... Gavin indicated that Melissa is already looking into having a page on the Islandora.ca that could be used for this documentation. 

During the previous conversation, we went on a tangent because not all users could see the group chat, so it was proposed to replace Google Hangouts. Gavin suggested that we could use his company’s Zoom application for next month's call.

#### IslandoraCon

Luke – described an issue with updating objects directly from the fedora web app and how that has issues with XACML for a user and provided links to the release and the codefix for it 
https://github.com/discoverygarden/fcrepo3-security-jaas/releases and https://github.com/discoverygarden/fcrepo3-security-jaas/pull/5 

Brian G. - wanting to present to his institution what might be relevant to us from IslandoraCon 
– and will browse the slideshows at “Islandoracon Presentations“ https://islandora.ca/camps/conference2017/schedule 

Gavin and Luke - about the presentation about tuning Islandora, he would like to split that presentation up into two smaller talks -- a more basic back end overview, and a more technical in-depth presentation.  this would further help to disseminate the info learned at the conference by the interested parties to their institutions. 

Cary - agrees that the in-depth presentations benefit those who need and is willing to help with making sure that there will be workshops and presentations that cover the entire spectrum of technical and user experience backgrounds. 

Gavin - this will make it easier for instructors to convey information.  We can borrow from how Drupal con does some things. 

David - the sessions were enriching, but we need to be more welcome to new people and existing people 
who are stepping into bigger roles - so 

Gavin - including all tiers of users, admins, developers will only help because a lot of us transition in our roles, and perspective to what others do is invaluable.  so, whatever we can to 
do teach, onboard, ease install process, etc., the better. 

Cary - feels the biggest problem is with the documentation. 

Gavin - how to build something in 7.x-1.x in ubuntu and package that with vagrant. 

Cary - made a point about how the scope of OS support, PHP packages, etc. makes it more difficult to document processes reliably.  

Gavin - Docker, ISLE, and CLAW could be a solution to a lot of these "management" issues... 

Bryan - if the questions of PHP version, other aspects are of interest to you, then you should attend the “CLAW Install: Call for Stakeholders” meeting.


### Round table updates

Brian G - upitt workflow, inventory of legacy system and islandora, mets editor.  Clinton Graham concurs this sums up what they have been doing lately at Pitt. 

Bryan - testing use cases with islandora datastreams io https://github.com/ulsdevteam/islandora_datastreams_io (to update MODS for linking person entities with the entities).  Getting usage stats to generate an HTML email of readership for the legacy e-press equivalent. 

Cary - control vocabularies on images locations.  Expressed concern that there are several disparate Islandora groups working on overlapping topics (Gavin update the road committee group, and grassroads committee with the IR group, etc.) – and 
wants to avoid stepping on each other's toes.  Gavin mentioned something about Melissa Anez deciding something with respect to this. 

David - the ISLE funding is progressing well to reach full funding by July 15th.  The hackDoc for data samples for Diego's multi-importer https://github.com/Islandora/islandora_importer.  Also, excited for the islandora datastreams io tool.  He explained that they are having a problem with the group binding for LDAP not sticking in the drupal database. Clinton asked which module was being used, and suggested that they try simple_ldap https://www.drupal.org/project/simple_ldap/git-instructions.

Gavin - doing a github scrub to pull in account info for users in this group to display info on us.  (see membership link on email from Gavin).
