# Islandora DevOps Interest Group: Meeting 24

## Date
Wednesday, September 13th, 11:00 AM-noon PST / 2:00-3:00 PM EST.

The group will be using the official Islandora Conference Call Number for group communication.

* (Primary) To join meetings, [follow this link](https://www.freeconferencecallhd.com/webrtc?phone=(641)%20715-3570&access_code=304589) (which has the phone number and access code built in)

* (Optional) Join the #islandora chat room via Freenode Web IRC (enter a unique nickname) or point your IRC client to #islandora on irc.freenode.net

* No more Zoom, Google Hangouts or Skype!

## Agenda
1. Volunteer for Note taker?
  * Bryan has created a folder/document for this ([here](http://bit.ly/devops-agenda))
  * Note taking procedure:
        * Conveners prepare [the agenda](http://bit.ly/devops-agenda) for upcoming meeting
        * DevOps IG members can add any agenda items they like (no editing restrictions)
        * During DevOps calls, members can chat via the document, collaboratively take notes
        * After meeting, agenda + notes get archived in Markdown in the DevOps IG repo

2. Welcome new members

3. Business from [last meeting](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-DevOps-Interest-Group/blob/master/meetings/23.md)

4. New business
   * Review [Github issue queue](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-DevOps-Interest-Group/issues)

5. Updates on CLAW Install sprints
   * Ansible Claw [sprint](https://github.com/Islandora-CLAW/CLAW/projects) completed.

6. ISLE Updates
  * The ISLE project has hit it's fundraising goals. David Keiser-Clark to give full update.
  * https://github.com/Islandora-Collaboration-Group/ISLE

7. Bug or issues report from devops community?

8. Reporting (Communication to other groups)
  * Roadmap Committee
  * IR

9. Group projects review
  * Addressing current Islandora Documentation?
  * Tuning, Tips Tricks Documentation
  * Beyond the issues queue....
  * Github cleanup

10. Round table updates

## Attendees
* [Bryan J. Brown](https://github.com/bryjbrown) (Florida State University) (co-convener)
* [Gavin Morris](https://github.com/g7morris) (Born-Digital, Common Media Inc.) (co-convener)


## Next meeting Next meeting
Wednesday, October 11th, 11:00 AM-noon PST / 2:00-3:00 PM EST.


## Notes from the call

Islandora DevOps meeting notes for meeting 24, September 13, 2017

* There were no new members.  

* Attendees
  * Gavin Morris (Born-Digital, Common Media Inc.) (co-convener)
  * Brian Gillingham (University of Pittsburgh)
  * Clinton Graham (University of Pittsburgh)
  * David Keiser-Clark (Williams College)
  * Brian Gregg (University of Pittsburgh)

* Brian Gillingham took notes (with the usual note-taker apologies in advance)

* New Business
  * Gavin is setting out to clean things up in the GitHub repositories and reduce our footprint
  * Bryan J. Brown (Florida State University) (co-convener) could not participate today due to the recent hurricane.
  * There is a request from Melissa Anez (Islandora Foundation) to contribute some documentation

* Updates on CLAW sprint
  * Gavin reports that the sprint went well and that using ansible is proving capable. There was some discussion with respect to ISLE and using ansible; one issue would be how any third-party modules cannot be accounted for. Perhaps we got ahead of ourselves a little at this point and started talking about the evolution of CLAW and some of the bigger changes include (but are not limited to)
    * fedoragsearch will be removed
    * djatoka is being replaced
    * whichever features that are agreed upon by the stakeholders and community

* ISLE Updates
>David reported that the fundraising goals for the ISLE development has been successful.  In fact, $1,400 more than the goal has been raised.  The consensus seems to be that the additional funds either be put toward additional ISLE features or toward a CLAW refactor.  The ICG (Islandora Collaboration Group) https://github.com/Islandora-Collaboration-Group/ISLE will be instrumental in this as well. Following this initial development, there will be a public comment period that Gavin estimates to be around late September.  Also, there is a hope to have a hack-doc event around an ISLE demo during November’s ICG event.

>Since Pitt has a very large digital collection, Clinton expressed interest in participating in BETA testing of ISLE after that. We touched briefly on some additions to the ISLE MVP – specifically a possible feature to check the fedora available space has come from Pitt’s recent issue of running out of space on the fedora’s data store location (more on this in the round-table). Gavin spoke about how it is very good to get suggestions and new tool recommendations for his work with ISLE moving forward. David mentioned that there should be a message in the coming week about the progress on ISLE.

* Bug or issues report from devops community?
  * There were no new bugs reported.

* Reporting (Communication to other groups) / Group projects review
  * Roadmap Committee should be provided the documentation as it evolves
  * IR – Gavin is going to get a colleague at common media to reach out to IR about using fedora as the archival source for digital collections.
  * Gavin spoke about documentation and cleaning up the GitHub for ISLE

* Round table updates
  * David – nothing to report that wasn’t already discussed earlier.
  * Clinton
  > – with respect to the issue of running out of space in fedora’s data partition, he asked what community would be best to seek information since it could be an Islandora topic or Fedora or even VMWare since it would not have corrupted the objects if it wasn’t for the cached-write.  Gavin feels that it is good to seek help in the islandora or islandora-dev groups as well as the fedora-tech group – and a cautionary third to seek advice in the VMWare community.

  > Clinton then got into the topic of whether or not we can consider fedora as our archival copy of Pitt’s digitized content.  Due to the recent issue with corrupt objects, he feels that it cannot reliably be considered as such until it is certain that objects will not become corrupted in the future.  Gavin mentioned that a system that has a clear dev, staging, and production environment could be considered safer – and even the staging area could be used for ingesting new content that could be migrated over to production; also, the fact that separate environments like this that have the ability to duplicate both the code and data would be capable of rolling back / migrating from one system to another in the event that anything is lost or broken.  David agreed and added the fact that a conversation with their best data systems person has said that fedora is the best data system for archiving data going forward; yet added that fedora is not a preservation system.  David also suggested that this would be a popular topic with librarians and Gavin wants to ask the IR community about this. Gavin mentioned that the documentation and other aspects are not well defined and contributes to some mistakes.  He emphasized the importance of having better documentation moving forward with ISLE and CLAW.

  * Finally, Brian Gillingham has started development on a playlist solution pack.  Some discussion about best practices and how to provide the right player for various types of content (audio, video, or oral histories).
