# Islandora DevOps Interest Group: Meeting 25

## Date
Wednesday, October 18th, 11:00 AM-noon PST / 2:00-3:00 PM EST.

The group will be using the official Islandora Conference Call Number for group communication.

* (Primary) To join meetings, [follow this link](https://www.freeconferencecallhd.com/webrtc?phone=(641)%20715-3570&access_code=304589) (which has the phone number and access code built in)

* (Optional) Join the #islandora chat room via Freenode Web IRC (enter a unique nickname) or point your IRC client to #islandora on irc.freenode.net

* No more Zoom, Google Hangouts or Skype!

## Agenda
1. Volunteer for Note taker?
  * Bryan has created a folder/document for this ([here](http://bit.ly/devops-agenda))
  * Note taking procedure:
        * Conveners prepare [the agenda](http://bit.ly/devops-agenda) for upcoming meeting
        * DevOps IG members can add any agenda items they like (no editing restrictions)
        * During DevOps calls, members can chat via the document, collaboratively take notes
        * After meeting, agenda + notes get archived in Markdown in the DevOps IG repo

2. Welcome new members

3. Business from [last meeting](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-DevOps-Interest-Group/blob/main/meetings/23.md)

4. New business
   * Review [Github issue queue](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-DevOps-Interest-Group/issues)

5. ISLE Updates
  * The ISLE project has hit it's fundraising goals. David Keiser-Clark to give full update.
  * https://github.com/Islandora-Collaboration-Group/ISLE

6. Bug or issues report from devops community?

7. Reporting (Communication to other groups)
  * Roadmap Committee
  * IR

8. Group projects review
  * Addressing current Islandora Documentation?
  * Tuning, Tips Tricks Documentation
  * Beyond the issues queue....
  * Github cleanup

9. Round table updates

## Attendees
* [Bryan J. Brown](https://github.com/bryjbrown) (Florida State University) (co-convener)
* [Gavin Morris](https://github.com/g7morris) (Born-Digital, Common Media Inc.) (co-convener)


## Next meeting Next meeting
Wednesday, November 8th, 11:00 AM-noon PST / 2:00-3:00 PM EST.


## Notes from the call

Islandora DevOps meeting notes for meeting 24, October 18th, 2017

* There were no new members.  

* Attendees
  * Gavin Morris (Born-Digital, Common Media Inc.) (co-convener)
  * Clinton Graham (University of Pittsburgh)
  * Melissa Anez (Islandora Foundation)

* Brian Gillingham took notes (with the usual note-taker apologies in advance)

* New Business
  * Gavin is setting out to clean things up in the GitHub repositories and reduce our footprint
  * Bryan J. Brown (Florida State University) (co-convener) could not participate today due to the recent hurricane.
  * There is a request from Melissa Anez (Islandora Foundation) to contribute some documentation

* ISLE Updates
>David KC from ISLE not present for meeting but Gavin reported that development had started on the MVP.

* Bug or issues report from devops community?
  * There were no new bugs reported.

* Reporting (Communication to other groups) / Group projects review
  * Gavin spoke about documentation and cleaning up the GitHub issues queue.

* Round table updates
  * Clinton reported experiencing bugs while attempting creating derivatives for streaming media or streaming more than 256MB+. Anything beyond 255.99 mb fails with a hangup socket error using video.js.player.
