# Islandora DevOps Interest Group: Meeting 28

## Date
Wednesday, February 14th, 11:00 AM-noon PST / 2:00-3:00 PM EST.

The group will be using the [official Islandora Conference Call Number](https://www.freeconferencecallhd.com/webrtc) for group communication.   
- Dial-in Number: (641) 715-3570    
- Participant Code: 304589#   
  - International numbers: [Conference Call Information for international numbers](https://github.com/Islandora-CLAW/CLAW/wiki/Conference-Call-Information)    
- (Optional) Join the #islandora chat room via Freenode Web IRC (enter a unique nickname) or point your IRC client to #islandora on irc.freenode.net.

## Agenda
- Volunteer for Note taker?    
  - Bryan has created a folder/document for this ([here](http://bit.ly/devops-agenda))   
  - Note taking procedure:   
    - Conveners prepare [the agenda](http://bit.ly/devops-agenda) for upcoming meeting   
    - DevOps IG members can add any agenda items they like (no editing restrictions)   
    - During DevOps calls, members can chat via the document, collaboratively take notes  
    - After meeting, agenda + notes get archived in Markdown in the DevOps IG repo   
- Welcome new members   
- Business from [last meeting](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-DevOps-Interest-Group/blob/master/meetings/27.md)   
- New business   
  - Review [Github issue queue](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-DevOps-Interest-Group/issues)   
- ISLE Updates  
  - https://github.com/Islandora-Collaboration-Group/ISLE   
- Bug or issues report from DevOps community?  
- Reporting (Communication to other groups)   
  * Roadmap Committee  
  * IR   
- Group projects review   
  * Addressing current Islandora Documentation?  
  * Tuning, Tips Tricks Documentation   
  * Beyond the issues queue....  
- Round table updates   

## Attendees
- [Bryan J. Brown](https://github.com/bryjbrown) (Florida State University) (co-convener)
- [Gavin Morris](https://github.com/g7morris) (Born-Digital, Common Media Inc.) (co-convener)
- [Clinton Graham](https://github.com/ctgraham)

## Notes

- Meeting opening
  - Bryan will take notes
  - No new members
- ISLE Updates
  - Recently presented on ISLE at C4L
    - Well received, 14-16 people
    - Lots of Islandora users and people interested in moving to Islandora
  - Alpha testing
    - Issue with specific desktop versions for running ISLE VM
    - ISLE release candidate planned for end of February
- Review of DOIG repo issues
  - Adore-Djatoka ticket
    - Gavin: We are working on the Cantaloupe IIIF viewer, but not for ISLE
    - Despite Djatoka saying that it caches, it makes requests every time
    - Switching from Djatoka to Cantaloupe in 7.x is non-trivial
- Roundtable updates
  - Clinton Graham
    - Working on uploading large video files (100GB), and hitting a timeout limit in Fedora’s upload directory.
      - If updating the default 5 minute limit on Fedora’s upload directory, what kinds of side effects could that introduce?
    - Adding another 40TB to their datastore, but planning on a move to Azure storage
    - Working on initial ISLE test VM
  - Bryan Brown
    - Working on data solution pack for storing large files in AWS S3
      - Metadata only objects with links to S3 and ability to download file as a torrent (magnet links)

## Next meeting Next meeting
Wednesday, March 14th, 11:00 AM-noon PST / 2:00-3:00 PM EST.
