# Islandora DevOps Interest Group: Meeting 01

## Date

April 8 from 11:00 AM-noon PST / 2:00-3:00 PM EST

## Agenda

1. Introductions: Who are you and why did you join this group?

2. Terms of reference
Look good, but some discussion:

  * Gavin suggests we add documentation/scarios for single-server/multi server; ubuntu vs. RedHat; "Pappa bear, Momma bear, little bear" stacks. Perhaps case studies for each of these including guidance on how much resources for specific parts of the stack. This will become important if we start doing benchmarking.
  * Mark M. suggests we add recipes/scripts and internal documentation to registries in the deployment registry; Nick would rather see that we stick to the [existing format for entries](https://github.com/Islandora/islandora_deployments#format) and link to scripts instead. Seemed to be a popular approach.
  * Gary suggests documenting "reference implementations", which was also popular.
  * Brad mentioned adding storage planning as an area of focus, including backup strategies, using external storage, different filesystem needs for different parts/functions of the stack.

3. Next steps: How do we move this forward?

  * Establish working groups for most common operating systems: Gavin suggests starting with a working group for each of Ubuntu/Deb (Andy) and RHEL/CentOS (Gavin). They will corral people and "get the conversation started."
  * Establish working groups for deployment tools (Chef, Puppet, Ansible, BashOps). Focus of PackerIO is to push out images for the various platforms.
    * Kevin suggests that before we focus on deployment tools, we get the OS-specific stuff down (e.g., in the working groups mentioned above) since each OS will each do things a bit differently.

# Action items

* Gavin and Andy: bootstrap operating system working groups, coordinate on method
* Everyone: Add entries to the [Deployments repo](https://github.com/Islandora/islandora_deployments)

# Next meeting

Group agreed on monthly meetings: second Wednesday of each month @ 2:00 PM EST. Next call will be May 13; if you want in, send Mark J. a skype contact request.

## Attendees

* Andy Wagner (chair)
* Mark Jordan (skype driver, note taker)
* Brad Spry
* Gary Phillips
* Gavin Morris
* Kevin Clarke
* Logan Cox
* Alex Garnett
* Mark McFate
* Melissa Anez
* Nick Ruest
* Phil Redmon
* Randy Fischer

## Notes
Interwoven with agenda items.
