# Islandora DevOps Interest Group: Meeting 02

## Date

July 8 from 11:00 AM-noon PST / 2:00-3:00 PM EST

## Agenda

1. [Initial Wiki Pages](https://github.com/Islandora/Islandora-DevOps-Interest-Group/wiki) and Operating System Working Groups

Gavin has created a skeleton of the information, for feedback, and is willing to flesh out with more information as needed.  Mark speaks about the problems they're having deploying Islandora at SFU.  Discussion of how current option is to use the Vagrant or PEI's virtual box.

Side-discusssion on IDE hard drives, vs SCSI and NFS.

Gavin suggests that their needs to be Vagrant/Ansible/Chef/etc to hold all the tips and tricks.  Has just created an Islandora 3 Ansible deployment on RHEL for one of his clients.

Mark and Gavin had some discussion of difficulties of running djakota on server seperate from Drupal instance.  Logan Cox commented that ingest, is far more tied to on-server rather than serving.

Gavin wants to see a full production architecture of all services.  Link to "How-Tos", best documentation may in fact be BashOps/Ansible etc.

Logan has pulled apart the vagrant scripts to deploy the islandora vagrant image onto Amazon.  Mark expressed pain at SFU  of trying to do so.

Gavin discuss how [Packer](https://www.packer.io/docs/builders/virtualbox.html) might be useful for creating VMs for depolying in various environments.

Andy suggests need for proper System Architecture diagram, Gavin has built one for a client that he may be able to provide after scrubbing. He's checking into whether he is able to share it with the community.

Logan suggests that there could be a Reference Set of Benchmarks and time required to do different tasks on various configurations.

Mark suggests a list of tools that could be used for testing and monitoring.  Eg. https://github.com/mjordan/islandora_scg and how this could be very useful to handle generation of a reference set of benchmarks.  Mark will look at creating a benchmark tool into the generator ([issue](https://github.com/mjordan/islandora_scg/issues/9))

Randy Fischer has experienced issues with ingest in production, so has resorted to using hydradora.

Add pages to wiki:

* General Tools
* Benchmarking and Approaches to Benchmarking

Gavin shared a version of his diagram and is open for it being the basis of a community maintained diagram.

2.. Spokesperson for the first [Islandora Conference](http://islandora.ca/camps/conference2015)

Gavin wants to know, what are people looking for from a panel and what the DevOps panel should cover.  The panel is in the main conference track and is not up against anything. Gavin, Mark and Andy will be at the conference.

Mark has been mulling the idea that we have the opportunity to not repeat the pain points with the current Islandora 7.1 on the upcoming 7.2 version, by not requiring on-machine dependencies.  We should put the message out that during the rewrite of all the modules this should be a design objective.

Mark is happy to speak to give an update on the Thursday on the progress of the interest group.

Gavin is happy to solicit feedback on the wiki before he finishes his brain dump.

If attending conference, contact Andy to organize a meetup.  Melissa will also schedule a slot for an in person meeting.

3.. New business

Next meeting will be August 12th

## Attendees

* Andy Wagner
* Mark Jordan
* Alex Garnett
* Ed Fugikawa
* Gavin Morris
* Kevin Clarke
* Logan Cox
* Luke Taylor
* Mark McFate
* Melissa Anez
* Phil Redmon
* Randy Fischer

## Notes

Interfiles with agenda.
