# Islandora DevOps Interest Group: Meeting 03

## Date

August 7 from 11:00 AM-noon PST / 2:00-3:00 PM EST

## Agenda

1. Developments from in person meeting at Islandora Conference

As discussed at the in-person meeting at Islandora Con, Gavin has created issues in [this repo's issue queue](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-DevOps-Interest-Group/issues).

Luke asked how we want to format the documentation. Gavin suggests sending him Gdoc links to documentation, or the document itself, to him and he as editor will get a sense of how to organize it all. The "Home" page for the wiki should contain instructions on how this should all work.

People identified in issues should leave a comment to document their progress.




## Attendees

* Andy Wagner
* Mark Jordan
* Gavin Morris
* Lingling Jiang
* Luke Taylor
* Logan Cox
* Melissa Anez

## Notes

Interfiles with agenda.

## Next meeting

Sept. 9/2015 from 11:00 AM-noon PST / 2:00-3:00 PM EST

