# Islandora DevOps Interest Group: Meeting 04

## Date

September 9, 2015 from 11:00 AM-noon PST / 2:00-3:00 PM EST

## Agenda

1. Update on ongoing documentation efforts 
2. Collaboration with Documentation Interest Group
3. Islandora Docker image
4. Interest Group Activity report

## Attendees

* Andy Wagner
* Gavin Morris
* Luke Taylor
* Melissa Anez
* Daniel Lamb
* Nick Ruest
* Stephen Gurnick
* Alex Garnett

## Notes

* Andy Wagner has attended DIG group, and Phil Suda is the liaison between the two groups.
* Gavin Morris has done a lot of cleanup in the Wiki, and will focus efforts over the next few weeks.  Will need to gather more requirements from DIG to work out what the DevOps interest group can provide them.
* Need to find a process to transition from Issue Queue on Github to publishing into Wiki, including testing protocols.  It can stand to be informal for the time being.
* Gavin Morris will test the Installation documentation from Luke, and possibly provide benchmarking.  
* There was some discussion towards best installation approach to maintain, with some consensus landing around bash scripts, as that can be the source for chef, docker, puppet, etcâ€¦
* Nick Ruest mentioned that F4 Vagrant/Bash scripts are available for review, and would love to have DevOps Interest Group representation at the F4 IG.
* Melissa will provide templates for the Interest Group reports.

## Next meeting

October 14, 2015 from 11:00 AM-noon PST / 2:00-3:00 PM EST

