# Islandora DevOps Interest Group: Meeting 07

## Date

January 13, 2016 from 11:00 AM-noon PST / 2:00-3:00 PM EST

## Agenda (with notes by MJ mixed in)

1. New co-convenor - Thank you Andy!
  * Offer to become co-convenor is still open.

2. Update on ongoing documentation efforts
 
  * Luke gave us an update on the [Ubuntu guide](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-DevOps-Interest-Group/blob/master/Deployment%20Guides/Provisioning-Islandora-on-Ubuntu.md), which is looking really good. James said he'd give it a once-over and open issues for anything that needed to be addressed.

3. Integrations/automations like https://github.com/unc-charlotte-libraries/islandora_ingest_dragndrop

  * Mark proposed curating a list of tools that people are using to automate workflows for preparing content for loading into Islandora (like the UNC example) and will start a page listing these tools. When that page is ready, tell Melissa, who will promote it. Mark also described how SFU will be using [MIK](https://github.com/MarcusBarnes/mik) to automate loading of content.

4. Round table updates

  * Melissa mentioned that the CLAW group is doing some work to deploy Islandora using Ansible and Docker. The provisional plan: "Since we can also provision Docker images with Ansible, we could also auto generate those Docker images, via Travis CI when pulls get merged into particular branches. That way when someone wants to test the development environment or a particular release, they can bring up a box quickly using Docker Images that were generated for them, no need for them to build the images themselves." Work is currently under way.
  * Alex described his new Database Solution Pack. Uses Docker to run a sandboxed LAMP stack to provide access to the database dump that is the OJB datastream. He will announce shortly.

## Attendees

* Melissa Anez
* James Griffin
* Luke Taylor
* Marcus Barnes
* Ed Fugikawa
* Alex Garnett
* Mark Jordan

## Next meeting

Feb 10 from 11:00 AM-noon PST / 2:00-3:00 PM EST
