# Islandora DevOps Interest Group: Meeting 08

## Date

March 9, 2016 from 11:00 AM-noon PST / 2:00-3:00 PM EST

## Agenda

1. Business from last meeting
 * Offer to become co-convenor is still open
 * Would love an update on the work that the CLAW group is doing in deploying Islandora using Ansible and Docker
 * Would love an update on the proposed page/work regarding Islandora Integrations/automations

2. Update on ongoing documentation efforts
 * Luke gave another update on the Ubuntu guide with recent changes from James's testing etc. Thanks Luke!

 * James did a very thorough bunch of testing utilizing a bash script adapted from the guide. Thanks James!
     * The results of the testing is captured in notes with open issues that should be merged.
     * Question for the group: Who "authorizes or decides" when to merge? Is this Nick, Mark, or Melissa?
      * [Pull 21](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-DevOps-Interest-Group/pull/21)
      * [Pull 17](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-DevOps-Interest-Group/pull/17)

 * Gavin to add version notes to Ubuntu guide. Will need to be merged soon.

 * Clarification and decision by Group needed for direction. Is this guide and a working bash script to be the ultimate goals?

 * Clarification and decision by Group needed for software versions
    * This current guide is a "stock/stable" version supplied by Luke with Ubuntu using Fedora 3.7.1 etc.

    * What are the more "modern" versions of the Islandora stack to be documented here?

3. Round table updates
 * Luke and wife expecting a baby very soon. Congratulations Parents to be!

 * James shared a little about exciting ongoing work at Lafayette College using Openshift, Ansible, Hydra and Angular.js.

 * Small discussion on Ansible vs Puppet and configuration management tools used for deploying islandora.

## Attendees

* Gavin Morris (temporary meeting convenor covering Mark Jordan)
* Luke Taylor
* James Griffin III

* It appears that Skype apparently wouldn't allow some attendees into the call due to an "upgrade" by Skype being required? Apologies to those who could not attend for this unclear technical reason.

## Next meeting

April 13 from 11:00 AM-noon PST / 2:00-3:00 PM EST
