# Islandora DevOps Interest Group: Meeting 13

## Date

September 14, 11:00 AM-noon PST / 2:00-3:00 PM EST. Gavin will start Skype call.

## Agenda

1. Business from [last meeting](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-DevOps-Interest-Group/blob/main/meetings/12.md)
  1. https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-DevOps-Interest-Group/pull/24
  2. Gavin's standards spreadsheet
1. Round table updates
1. New business
  1. https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ISLANDORA-1794 - Decision from Sept. 8 Committers call was that we should not add Vagrant as a component since it is in Labs (only components that are under the http://github.com/islandora organization should be JIRA "components"). DevOps IG should manage issues with Vagrant using Github issue queue on that repo.

## Attendees

* Gavin Morris
* Luke Taylor
* David Keiser-Clark
* Melissa Anez
* Clinton Graham
* Alex Garnett
* Marcus Barnes

## Next meeting

October 12, 11:00 AM-noon PST / 2:00-3:00 PM EST

## Notes from the call

9/14/2016 - Islandora DevOps Interest Group: Meeting 13

Business from last meeting
* Outstanding poll requests from Luke and Don:
 * Luke: lot of back and forth


* Offline parallel derivative question:
  * Discussions & different approaches



* Testing Compound Batch:
  * Marcus Barnes will be working on implementing a fix and testing. Will pass to Marc Jordan
  * Some folks not able to pull from the private repo. If people are super interested, they can contact Marcus Barnes or Melissa Anez
  * Minimal requirements for the repo are batch module, it does depend on the content module you are using
  * Hoping to keep moving forwards with more adoption


* Round table updates
  * Updating Openseadragon - hoping to get rid of djatoka. (general excitement ensues from crowd)
    * Need more people who have access to vagrant boxes to test what has been done.
    * The remaining pull request needs to be reconciled.
    * Only one developer seems to be working on this djatoka alternative project


 * Islandora Consortial Group (ICG) hack/doc on Sept 21-22
   * 10 institutions, w/ another 3 who may be joining soon (3DCL: Smith, Holyoke, Hampshire)
   * hack/doc will be ICGâ€™s second this year and will focus on:
   * CSV Importer Tool - goal is to complete this tool
   * Islandora-in-a-Box: new ICG project that would represent an approach towards using documentation and scripts to enable a common stack that is production ready to be created or updated for an institution's dev or prod servers.

* New business
  * JIRA Additional component/s Fields
  * Islandora_vagrant_base_box
  * Islandora Camp will be visiting Kansas City, MO this Fall. October 12 - 14
    * Plug made for IslandoraCon 2017 - Conference at Hamilton, Ontario next May, 2017
    * 80 attenders at 2016, 120 expected for 2017
  * Next DevOps IG meeting on October 14 at 2pm EST
