# Islandora DevOps Interest Group: Meeting 14

## Date

November 9, 11:00 AM-noon PST / 2:00-3:00 PM EST. Mark will start Skype call.

## Agenda

1. Welcome new members
1. Business from [last meeting](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-DevOps-Interest-Group/blob/main/meetings/13.md)
1. Round table updates
1. New business
  1. https://github.com/shorock/islandora_composer (Thomas)
  1. Islandora Repo Reporter (Mark)

## Attendees

* Melissa Anez
* Clinton Graham
* Jonathan Green
* Brian Gregg
* Mark Jordan
* Don Richards
* Thomas Shorock

## Next meeting

Dec. 14, 11:00 AM-noon PST / 2:00-3:00 PM EST

## Notes from the call

Notes are sparse (Mark Jordan's fault) but discussion fell into three categories:

1. Thomas's demo of his [Islandora Composer](https://github.com/shorock/islandora_composer)
1. Migration and automated content ingestion workflows
1. Mark's demo of the Islandora Repo Reporter module
