# Islandora DevOps Interest Group: Meeting 18

## Date

March 1st, 11:00 AM-noon PST / 2:00-3:00 PM EST. Join by visiting this [Google Hangouts](https://plus.google.com/hangouts/_/commonmediainc.com/islandor-devops?hceid=Z2F2aW4ubW9ycmlzQGNvbW1vbm1lZGlhaW5jLmNvbQ.c8sk87gmdvdaj7q00l6ocq0fjg&authuser=0) URL. If you don't have the Hangouts browser plugin installed, you will be prompted to install it.

* Rescheduled to the first Wednesday, March 1st to avoid a conflict with Code4LibCon.

## Agenda

1. Note taker
1. Welcome new members
1. Business from [last meeting](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-DevOps-Interest-Group/blob/main/meetings/17.md)
1. Round table updates
1. New business
  * 4 topics a year for the group to add materials on. Decide on topics:
    * Installation
    * Migration
    * Tuning, tips n tricks
    * Scaling
  * Looking for a new Co-convener (Thanks again, Mark Jordan for all of your service!!)
  * Review [Github issue queue](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-DevOps-Interest-Group/issues)

## Attendees
* Gavin Morris (chair)
* Clinton Graham (notes)
* Brian Gillingham
* Brian Gregg
* Thomas Shorock
* Luke Taylor
* Ed Fugikawa

## Next meeting
Wednesday, April. 12th, 11:00 AM-noon PST / 2:00-3:00 PM EST.

## Notes from the call

0. Gavin notes frustration with expired Hangouts link last month.  Action: Gavin will check in with Melissa regarding adoption of Slack.
1. Clinton volunteers as note taker
1. No "brand new" members.
1. No old business
1. Round table
  * For University of Pittsburgh, Brian Gillingham notes current work in "one-off" data cleanup and prep for ingest, as well as the development of workflow processes to prepare physical and digital batches for ingest.  Brian Gregg describes a need for reporting contributor metrics, especially for SLA or consortial agreements.  These metrics might include disk and bandwidth usage, both current and forcasting, based on object "ownership" identified by Drupal roles or metadata / namespaces within Fedora.  Gavin affirms this need.  Ed notes an [existing reporting resource](https://github.com/edf/fcrepo-reporting-utilities/blob/main/reportSpaceUsedByCollection.pl).  *Proposed Action*: Consider this as one of our "topics" for this group to curate documentation on (perhaps spec'ing the need?), review the known resources internally, and pass on to a dedicated group for development action.  GitHub issues in this repo could be a good locus for this.  *Proposed Action*: Gavin will review the existing issue queue, adding tags to help categorize needs.
  * Ed reports work on Islandora 1.x deployment for Ubuntu and CentOS via Ansible.  Discovered and possible issues with RHEL licensing and tempfile allocation were discussed.  Gavin will connect with Ed offline regarding this.
  * Luke reports updates to the Ubuntu deployment guide.  Please review and note any issues with the current documentation.  Many fixes have gone in, but it would be good to catch any needed fixes/improvements in this release.
  * Thomas continues to work with Islandora in pre-deployment, with use and development of a [Composer tool](https://shorock.github.io/islandora_satis/) to facilitate builds.  Work was noted regarding transforming legacy metadata formats to MODS/MADS and automating updates to metadata for objects without a full reingest of the object, especially where the metadata only contains a local identifier rather than a Fedora PID.  Thomas asks about experience with updating Islandora to use modern SOLR versions.  Gavin also expresses interest in updates to SOLR and GSearch, with a gripe about how by default not all expected fields are indexed.  Luke notes that GSearch 2.8 is supported (with a current PR fixing a problem with Tomcat 7.7.3+ compatibility, and including remote SOLR support) and that DGI's basic_solr_config repo has branches to support different SOLR versions.  N.b. that for 4.10, extra libraries are required as noted in the (branch's README)[https://github.com/discoverygarden/basic-solr-config/tree/4.10.x].
1. New business is a call by Gavin for proposals regarding how to formally document the takeaways from these conversations.  This format for the meetings appears to be working to share ideas and experience, but we would like to see these topics fleshed out.  *Proposed Action*: translate the notes from these meetings into GitHub Issues on this repo.  Tickets could be discussed and/or assigned within the meetings.  The original scope of this group was pretty ambitious, this can help us refine discussions into action items.
