# Islandora DevOps Interest Group: Meeting 22

## Date
Wednesday, July  11th, 11:00 AM-noon PST / 2:00-3:00 PM EST.

The group will be testing the use of Zoom for group communication.

Join from PC, Mac, Linux, iOS or Android: https://zoom.us/j/378408666

Or iPhone one-tap (US Toll):  +14086380968,,378408666# or +16465588656,,378408666#

Or Telephone:
    Dial: +1 408 638 0968 (US Toll) or +1 646 558 8656 (US Toll)
    Meeting ID: 378 408 666
    International numbers available: https://zoom.us/zoomconference?m=SEaSWNGsvwOGUr7NXsRKAw64KmjSSP3Q

## Agenda
1. Volunteer for Note taker?

2. Welcome new members

3. Business from [last meeting](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-DevOps-Interest-Group/blob/main/meetings/21.md)

4. New business   
   * Review [Github issue queue](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-DevOps-Interest-Group/issues)
   * Replace Google Hangouts / Vote!

5. Results of CLAW Install sprints meeting: Stakeholders document from Danny Lamb
 https://docs.google.com/a/islandora.ca/document/d/11QGEo920RJjp74raMNrueMS71mDTFF3Gd0Smdp-qkkQ/edit?usp=sharing

6. ISLE Updates   
   * The ISLE project continues fundraising for July.
   * https://github.com/Islandora-Collaboration-Group/ISLE

7. Bug or issues report from devops community?   
   * On Last Call: Luke T. described an issue with updating objects directly from the fedora web app and how that has issues with XACML for a user and provided links to the release and the codefix for it
  https://github.com/discoverygarden/fcrepo3-security-jaas/releases and https://github.com/discoverygarden/fcrepo3-security-jaas/pull/5

8. Reporting (Communication to other groups)  
   * Roadmap Committee
   * IR

9. Group projects review  
   * Addressing current Islandora Documentation?
   * Tuning, Tips Tricks Documentation
   * Beyond the issues queue....
   * Github cleanup

10. Round table updates

## Attendees
* [Bryan J. Brown](https://github.com/bryjbrown) (Florida State University) (co-convener)
* [Gavin Morris](https://github.com/g7morris) (Born-Digital, Common Media Inc.) (co-convener)
* [Brian Gillingham](https://github.com/bgilling) (University of Pittsburgh) (notes) 
* [Clinton Graham](https://github.com/ctgraham) (University of Pittsburgh) 
* Brian Gregg


## Next meeting Next meeting
Wednesday, August 9th, 11:00 AM-noon PST / 2:00-3:00 PM EST.

## Notes from the call
* No new members
* Discussion of tools used by the DevOps IG to run meetings
    * Google Docs
        * Used by IR IG to lower barrier to entry for adding agenda items/taking notes
            * Some people aren't familiar with GitHub
            * Even a PITA for those who are
        * Who will create/manage it?
            * Since its just a scratchpad document, it doesn't really matter who owns it
            * Bryan will create a folder/document for this ([here](http://bit.ly/devops-agenda))
        * What is the procedure?
            * Conveners prepare [the agenda](http://bit.ly/devops-agenda) for upcoming meeting
            * DevOps IG members can add any agenda items they like (no editing restrictions)
            * During DevOps calls, members can chat via the document, collaboratively take notes
            * After meeting, agenda + notes get archived in Markdown in the DevOps IG repo
            * Agenda gets updated for the next meeting, go back to step 1
    * Zoom vs FreeConferenceCallHD
        * Zoom is proprietary, costs money, requires downloading a client, yet another tool
        * FreeConferenceCallHD is used by the rest of the Islandora community, go with the standard
        * Vote, +2 for using FreeConferenceCallHD
        * Inconclusive as to whether we will use #islandora IRC chat or Google Docs chat feature for meetings
        * From now on to join meetings, [follow this link](https://www.freeconferencecallhd.com/webrtc?phone=(641)%20715-3570&access_code=304589) (which has the phone number and access code built in)
* Update on CLAW installatino sprint + stakeholders
    * [Stakeholder description document](
 https://docs.google.com/a/islandora.ca/document/d/11QGEo920RJjp74raMNrueMS71mDTFF3Gd0Smdp-qkkQ/edit?usp=sharing
) is up and available for comment
    * Signups for stakeholders will come later after document has been finalized
    * No timelines for sprint yet
    * Even if you can't commit to being a stakeholder, if you have an idea of how your org will deploy CLAW let us know so we can represent that use case
* ISLE Updates
    * Fundraising continues for July
* How should the DevOps IG interact with other groups?
    * Roadmap committee: present rupdates/meeting notes to roadmap committee, get feedback to bring back to group calls
    * CLAW committers, 1.x committers, other IGs: Note any required interaction in notes as an "action item" and who should do it, that person will do what needs to be done and give an update as an agenda item at next meeting.
    
            
